[BEAM-13314]Revise recommendations to manage Python pipeline dependencies. (#16938)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/sdks/python-pipeline-dependencies.md

    The runner will use the `requirements.txt` file to install your additional dependencies onto the remote workers.

**Important:** Remote workers will install all packages listed in the `requirements.txt` file. Because of this, it's very important that you delete non-PyPI packages from the `requirements.txt` file, as stated in step 2. If you don't remove non-PyPI packages, the remote workers will fail when attempting to install packages from sources that are unknown to them.
> **NOTE**: An alternative to `pip freeze` is to use a library like [pip-tools](https://github.com/jazzband/pip-tools) to compile the all the dependencies required for the pipeline from a `--requirements_file`, where only top-level dependencies are mentioned.

> ## Custom Containers {#custom-containers}

Reviewer: may need an extra newline before line 49

Author: Done

    The runner will use the `requirements.txt` file to install your additional dependencies onto the remote workers.

**Important:** Remote workers will install all packages listed in the `requirements.txt` file. Because of this, it's very important that you delete non-PyPI packages from the `requirements.txt` file, as stated in step 2. If you don't remove non-PyPI packages, the remote workers will fail when attempting to install packages from sources that are unknown to them.

> > **NOTE**: An alternative to `pip freeze` is to use a library like [pip-tools](https://github.com/jazzband/pip-tools) to compile the all the dependencies required for the pipeline from a `--requirements_file`, where only top-level dependencies are mentioned.

Reviewer 2: "compile the all" -> "compile all"

    The runner will use the `requirements.txt` file to install your additional dependencies onto the remote workers.

**Important:** Remote workers will install all packages listed in the `requirements.txt` file. Because of this, it's very important that you delete non-PyPI packages from the `requirements.txt` file, as stated in step 2. If you don't remove non-PyPI packages, the remote workers will fail when attempting to install packages from sources that are unknown to them.
> **NOTE**: An alternative to `pip check` is to use a library like [pip-tools](https://github.com/jazzband/pip-tools) to compile the `requirements.txt` with all the dependencies required for the pipeline.
## Custom Containers {#custom-containers}

You can pass a [container](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=apache%2Fbeam&type=image) image with all the dependencies that are needed for the pipeline instead of `requirements.txt`. [Follow the instructions on how to run pipeline with Custom Container images](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/runtime/environments/#running-pipelines).

> 1. If you are passing a custom container image, `--sdk_container_image` at runtime and specify `--requirements_file` option, we recommend you to install the dependencies from the `--requirements_file` when building your container image. In this case, you would reduce the pipeline startup time and do not need to pass `--requirements_file` option at runtime.

Reviewer: If you are using a custom container image, we recommend that you install the dependencies from the `--requirements_file` directly into your image at build time. In this case, you do not need to pass `--requirements_file` option at runtime, which will reduce the pipeline startup time. Fore example:...

        --setup_file /path/to/setup.py

**Note:** Because custom commands execute after the dependencies for your workflow are installed (by `pip`), you should omit the PyPI package dependency from the pipeline's `requirements.txt` file and from the `install_requires` parameter in the `setuptools.setup()` call of your `setup.py` file.

## Pre-building SDK container image

> In the pre-building step, we install pipeline dependencies on the container image prior to the job submission. This would speed up the pipeline execution.\

Reviewer: Something is missing here. Let's add an introductory sentence.

In pipeline execution modes where a Beam runner launches SDK workers in Docker containers,  the additional pipeline dependencies (specified via `--requirements_file` and other runtime options) are installed into the containers at runtime. This can increase the worker startup time. However, it may be possible to pre-build the SDK containers and perform the dependency installation once before the workers start.

> To use pre-building the dependencies from `requirements.txt` on the container image. Follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To pre-build the container image before the pipeline submission, follow the steps below.
```

> 1. Provide the container engine. We support `local_docker` and `cloud_build`(requires a GCP project with Cloud Build API enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide the container engine. We support `local_docker` (requires local installation of Docker) and `cloud_build`(requires a GCP project with Cloud Build API enabled).
```

>        --prebuild_sdk_container_engine <execution_environment>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       --prebuild_sdk_container_engine <container_engine>
```

2. To pass a base image for pre-building dependencies, enable this flag. If not, apache beam's base image would be used.

       --sdk_container_image <location_to_base_image>

> 3. To push the container image, pre-built locally with `local_docker` , to a remote repository(eg: docker registry), provide URL to the remote registry by passing

Reviewer: If using `local_docker` engine, provide a URL for the remote registry to which the image will be pushed by passing...

>        --docker_registry_push_url <IMAGE_URL>

Reviewer: I am confused - what is a sample value of this param? Is it supposed to be the image name+tag or just the registry?

Author: It should be docker registry. We generate the image tag. Image name is coded as `beam_python_prebuilt_sdk`[1].

May be it can worded as `--docker_registry_push_url` <registry_URL>

[1] https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/2a23166f738182f4553a79b8fc44c46e10705e76/sdks/python/apache_beam/runners/portability/sdk_container_builder.py#L85

Reviewer: Can we give an example of the expected value? As a user reading this doc it is still not obvious.

Author: We can add an example. Also let me see if I can make the wording more simpler

        --setup_file /path/to/setup.py

**Note:** Because custom commands execute after the dependencies for your workflow are installed (by `pip`), you should omit the PyPI package dependency from the pipeline's `requirements.txt` file and from the `install_requires` parameter in the `setuptools.setup()` call of your `setup.py` file.

## Pre-building SDK container image

In pipeline execution modes where a Beam runner launches SDK workers in Docker containers, the additional pipeline dependencies (specified via `--requirements_file` and other runtime options) are installed into the containers at runtime. This can increase the worker startup time.
 However, it may be possible to pre-build the SDK containers and perform the dependency installation once before the workers start. To pre-build the container image before pipeline submission, provide the pipeline options mentioned below.

> 1. Provide the container engine. We support `local_docker`(requires local installation of Docker) and `cloud_build`(requires a GCP project with Cloud Build API enabled).

Reviewer 2: In general, prefer "Beam" to "we", as in "Beam supports..."

       --prebuild_sdk_container_engine=<container_engine>
2. To pass a base image for pre-building dependencies, provide `--sdk_container_image`. If not, Apache beam's base [image](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=apache%2Fbeam&type=image) would be used.

       --sdk_container_image=<location_to_base_image>
3. If using `local_docker` engine, provide a URL for the remote registry to which the image will be pushed by passing

       --docker_registry_push_url=<remote_registry_url>
       # Example: --docker_registry_push_url=<registry_name>/beam
       # pre-built image will be pushed to the <registry_name>/beam/beam_python_prebuilt_sdk:<unique_image_tag>
       # <unique_image_tag> tag is generated by Beam SDK.

   **NOTE:** `docker_registry_push_url` must be a remote registry.
> To use Docker, the `--sdk_container_image` should be compatible with Apache Beam Runner. Please follow the [instructions](https://beam.apache.org/documentation/runtime/environments/#building-and-pushing-custom-containers) on how to build a base container image compatible with Apache Beam.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion to add to the notes:

The pre-building feature requires the Apache Beam SDK for Python, version 2.25.0 or later.

The container images created during prebuilding will persist beyond the pipeline runtime.
Once your job is finished or stopped, you can remove the pre-built image from the container registry.

If your pipeline is using a custom container image, most likely you will not benefit from prebuilding step as extra dependencies can be preinstalled in the custom image at build time. If you still would like to use prebuilding with custom images, use Apache Beam SDK 2.38.0 or newer and supply your custom image in via the `--sdk_container_image` pipeline option.

        --setup_file /path/to/setup.py

**Note:** Because custom commands execute after the dependencies for your workflow are installed (by `pip`), you should omit the PyPI package dependency from the pipeline's `requirements.txt` file and from the `install_requires` parameter in the `setuptools.setup()` call of your `setup.py` file.

> ## Pre-building SDK container image

Reviewer: @y1chi could you PTAL at this section?

In the pre-building step, we install pipeline dependencies on the container image prior to the job submission. This would speed up the pipeline execution.\
To use pre-building the dependencies from `requirements.txt` on the container image. Follow the steps below.

> 1. Provide the container engine. We support `docker` and `cloud_build`(requires a GCP project with Cloud Build API enabled).

Reviewer 3: local_docker?

       --prebuild_sdk_container_enginer <execution_environment>

> 2. To pass a base image for pre-building dependencies, enable this flag. If not, apache beam's base image would be used.

Reviewer 3: Note that this may not work on an arbitrary base image, the base image should follow the same contract to install dependencies in a setup_only mode as apache beam's base image https://github.com/apache/beam/blob/master/sdks/python/container/boot.go#L49

Reviewer: 1. `prebuild_sdk_container_engine` (not enginer)
2. Good point that the container needs to have the official entry point for this to work. I think in all container-customization mechanisms we suggest, one way or another we recommend, to use Beam's boot entry point. 
3. As a part of making prebuilding not experimental, I think we should remove prebuild_sdk_container_engine and just use --sdk_container_image flag for this purpose. i don't see the need for two different flags.

Author: +1 to the point 3

Reviewer: @y1chi took care of #3 in https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/17032. Thanks, @y1chi .

Author: As @y1chi pointed out, it may not work if the user doesn't follow apache beam's contract. But we do instruct them to follow the contract in some way.

So, I assume we can introduce this section as part of the instruction?

Reviewer: I would remove #2 now that we don't need a special flag.

Author: I feel like we can keep 2 and update the pipeline option to `--sdk_container_image=...`.

       --prebuild_sdk_container_base_image <location_to_base_image>

> 3. To push the container image, pre-built locally with `Docker` , to a remote repository(eg: docker registry), provide URL to the docker registry by passing

Reviewer 3: local_docker

Author: Yes it should be `local_docker`

In pipeline execution modes where a Beam runner launches SDK workers in Docker containers, the additional pipeline dependencies (specified via `--requirements_file` and other runtime options) are installed into the containers at runtime. This can increase the worker startup time.
 However, it may be possible to pre-build the SDK containers and perform the dependency installation once before the workers start. To pre-build the container image before pipeline submission, provide the pipeline options mentioned below.
1. Provide the container engine. We support `local_docker`(requires local installation of Docker) and `cloud_build`(requires a GCP project with Cloud Build API enabled).

       --prebuild_sdk_container_engine=<container_engine>
2. To pass a base image for pre-building dependencies, provide `--sdk_container_image`. If not, Apache beam's base [image](https://hub.docker.com/search?q=apache%2Fbeam&type=image) would be used.

       --sdk_container_image=<location_to_base_image>
3. If using `local_docker` engine, provide a URL for the remote registry to which the image will be pushed by passing
         
       --docker_registry_push_url=<remote_registry_url>

>        # Example: --docker_registry_push_url=<registry_name>/beam

Author: I added an example.  would this be enough or is this more complicated?

       # pre-built image will be pushed to the <registry_name>/beam/beam_python_prebuilt_sdk:<unique_image_tag>
       # <unique_image_tag> tag is generated by Beam SDK.

>    **NOTE:** `docker_registry_push_url` must be a remote registry.

Author: @y1chi if the user uses pre-building and doesn't provide `docker_registry_push_url`, what would happen in this case? 

I recall it would fail with error something like this `Couldn't find the Docker image`. If this is the case, we need to make sure that user provides a remote registry URL. If the user doesn't provide it, can we fail the pipeline prior to Job submission?
